[SOUND] The Splunk platform for
operational intelligence is
a revolutionary suite of products that
is unlocking unprecedented value for
thousands of customers around the world.
Why Splunk?
It all starts with machine data.
Machine data is the big data generated by
all the technologies that
power our businesses.
From the applications, servers, websites,
and network devices in the data center and
the cloud, to the mobile device
in the palm of your hand.
Thermostats, train sensors, electric cars,
and the Internet of things.
Machine data is everywhere.
It's fast-growing and complex.
It's also incredibly valuable, why?
Because it contains a definitive
record of all activity and behavior.
Splunk software collects and
indexes this data at massive scale,
from wherever it's generated,
regardless of format or source.
Users can quickly and
easily monitor, search, analyze, and
report on their data, all in real time.
Machine data is different.
It can't be processed and
analyzed using traditional methods.
Splunk software does not rely on brittle
schemas and inflexible databases.
Splunk is easy to deploy, easy to use, and
easy to scale, whether on premises or
in a public, private, or hybrid cloud.
Splunk is also available
as a cloud service.
And for big data environments that
used Hadoop for cheap app storage,
we have Hunk, Splunk analytics for Hadoop.
[MUSIC]
Our customers from around
the world illustrate why so
many organizations use Splunk.
Intuit has standardized on Splunk,
delivering operational visibility for
their leading online products, including
QuickBooks, Quicken, and TurboTax.
Intuit considers Splunk one of
their cornerstone technologies
that is helping them innovate and
deliver better service to their customers.
Cisco, one of the world's
largest technology providers,
empowers their global security
team with Splunk enterprise
to gain a centralized view into
end user and system activities.
Splunk has dramatically helped
improve their incident detection and
response rate.
Splunk was key to Domino's Pizza's
success during the Super Bowl,
by monitoring database uptime and
order response.
Armed with new levels of
customer understanding,
Domino's was able to strengthen their
online business, in addition to saving
hundreds of thousands of dollars replacing
legacy technologies with Splunk.
We are thrilled to hear Domino's
call Splunk their secret sauce.
Another great Splunk story includes
cars and the Internet of things.
Working together with the Ford Motor
Company and Ford's OpenXC platform,
Splunk delivered connected car dashboards
to examine driving behavior and
vehicle performance.
UK-based Tesco is one of
the world's largest retailers,
with nearly 1 million customers and
a half billion online orders per week.
Customer satisfaction
is a critical metric.
Tesco deployed Splunk to gain a unified
view across their websites, transactions,
and business, gaining valuable digital
intelligence about their customers.
Splunk was founded to pursue a disruptive
vision to make machine data accessible,
usable, and valuable to everyone.
Find out more about Splunk and
operational intelligence by
downloading the executive summary.
Or better yet,
experience the value firsthand by
downloading Splunk software for free.
Chances are someone in your
organization already has.
[SOUND]